[Docs] Merge design docs for a V1 only future (#21832)
vllm-project/vllm: docs/design/kernel/paged_attention.md

# vLLM Paged Attention

!!! warning

>     This document is being kept in the vLLM documentation for posterity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This document is being kept in the vLLM documentation for historical purposes.
```
